.github/pull_request_template.md, before:

# Description

Please include a summary of the change and a link to which issue is fixed. Please also include relevant motivation and context. List any dependencies that are required for this change.

Fixes # (issue)

# Discussion

Mention there any suspicious parts of the new code, or the ideas that you'd like to discuss in regards to this change.

# Checklist:
Everything in this checklist is required for each PR.  Please do not approve a PR that does not have all of these items.  

- [ ] I have pulled from master before submitting this PR
- [ ] My code follows the style guidelines for Common Lisp code
  - See [Norvig & Pitman's Tutorial on Good Lisp Programming Style (PDF)](https://www.cs.umd.edu/~nau/cmsc421/norvig-lisp-style.pdf) and [Google Common Lisp Style Guide](https://google.github.io/styleguide/lispguide.xml).
- [ ] I have performed a self-review of my own code
- [ ] My code has been reviewed by at least one peer (the peer review to approve a PR counts.  The reviewer must download and test the code)
- [ ] I have commented my code, particularly in hard-to-understand areas
- [ ] I have made corresponding changes to the documentation
- [ ] My changes generate no new warnings
- [ ] I have added tests that prove my fix is effective or that my feature works
- [ ] New and existing unit tests pass locally with my changes
- [ ] There are no merge conflicts

Commit message:

.github/pull-request-template: Add checkboxes for dependencies.

.github/pull_request_template.md, after:

# Description

Please include a summary of the change and a link to which issue is fixed. Please also include relevant motivation and context. List any dependencies that are required for this change.

Fixes # (issue)

# Discussion

Mention there any suspicious parts of the new code, or the ideas that you'd like to discuss in regards to this change.

# Checklist:
Everything in this checklist is required for each PR.  Please do not approve a PR that does not have all of these items.  

- [ ] I have pulled from master before submitting this PR
- [ ] I've added the new dependencies as:
  - [ ] ASDF dependencies,
  - [ ] Git submodules,
  - [ ] and Guix dependencies.
- [ ] My code follows the style guidelines for Common Lisp code
  - See [Norvig & Pitman's Tutorial on Good Lisp Programming Style (PDF)](https://www.cs.umd.edu/~nau/cmsc421/norvig-lisp-style.pdf) and [Google Common Lisp Style Guide](https://google.github.io/styleguide/lispguide.xml).
- [ ] I have performed a self-review of my own code
- [ ] My code has been reviewed by at least one peer (the peer review to approve a PR counts.  The reviewer must download and test the code)
- [ ] I have commented my code, particularly in hard-to-understand areas
- [ ] I have made corresponding changes to the documentation
- [ ] My changes generate no new warnings
- [ ] I have added tests that prove my fix is effective or that my feature works
- [ ] New and existing unit tests pass locally with my changes
- [ ] There are no merge conflicts
